[inhales, exhales]
It's freezing. What gives?
I mean, it is December.
You know, you've been
awfully quiet all day long.
What's up? Did you catch
a cold or something?
Uh! Uh, no! What're you
going on about?
I feel fit as a fiddle!
I-It's just... Um...
I was thinking that
the two of us
have been hanging out
for a while now,
but this'll be the first time
we've spent Christmas together.
[laughs]
Yeah, it is.
[inaudible]
[SAKURAI]
Uzaki.
[UZAKI gasping]
[UZAKI]
Um, Sakurai?
[SAKAKI] Oh boy,
it's still as hot as ever.
Huh?
Yo, what's good?
Haven't seen you since we
got back from vay-cay...
Uh...
[SAKAKI]
You okay?
Cause you're giving off some
seriously haunted vibes.
Summer's over and I'm in denial.
You did have three
months to enjoy it.
It's only been a few days
since he packed up
and went about his way,
and yet his absence feels like a
gaping hole deep
within my chest.
We're personifying
the seasons now, huh?
Wow, I had no idea
that you had it this bad.
Wait, where's the meathead?
Oh, I see, bet that's why
she's in such a mood.
Well, Saku should get here soon.
Why not make some plans
to cheer yourself up?
You can still hang out through
the school year, right?
What I meant was,
it doesn't have
to be summer for us to hang.
We'll always be together.
Right. Whatever you say!
[SAKAKI]
Glad to hear it.
You guys are like besties,
aren't you?
--Huh?
--Ever since high school, yeah?
[UZAKI] Nah, we weren't
that close at first.
[SAKAKI]
Uh, why not?
Have you seen the mug
on that mean old jerk?
Heh, heh...
I had him pegged him
for a hoodlum,
scared the crap outta me.
Jeez, what if Saku
heard you say that?
[SAKAKI] You'd probably
say it to his face anyway.
Actually, I talked
to Ami about it.
My first impression
of him was awful.
What? I didn't know
that was the case.
Figures as much since that fool
doesn't tell me anything!
[laughs] Take that, sucker!
[screams]
So, was there something
that sparked your friendship?
Something specific, or...?
Y'know, a moment.
Like one that made you
realize Sakurai wasn't
so scary after all.
Well, come to think
of it. Maybe.
[SAKURAI] First, stay calm
and relax your body.
Keep your form when
you're gliding through.
Right! I'll give it a try!
[SAKURAI]
You're almost there. Keep it up.
[UZAKI]
Yeah, maybe a few things.
[SAKAKI]
Mm-hm. Continue.
[UZAKI] Anyway, he may
have major bad guy face,
but he's actually
super considerate.
And then, once I started getting
to know him a little more,
talking to him
wasn't such a big deal.
I asked him to give me
swimming lessons,
and the rest is history.
Yo.
Huh? Hey, Saku!
[UZAKI]
Jeez, took ya long enough!
Why were you runnin' late,
ya slacker?
Did you oversleep or what?
Looks like someone's
stuck in vacation mode.
Time to wake up, lazybones!
[SAKURAI]
Ugh, would you knock it off?
It's too early for
all that racket.
We don't even have
homeroom today!
[SAKAKI] Whoa, talking about
Saku snapped her right out
of that funk. Heh. I guess
that's where they're at now.
Yikes, just date already.
Right. Listen, guys.
If you're still feeling
hungry for summer
and need an excuse to hang,
then how 'bout this?
[SAKURAI] Why're you dragging me
into her issues?
[UZAKI, SAKURAI]
Bowling?
[SAKAKI]
Can't speak for Uzaki,
but all you did besides work
was play games, no?
[SAKURAI grunts]
Oof, bad idea.
This guy couldn't bowl if
his life depended on it!
Trust me, it's hysterical.
He chucks the ball at the pins
like a caveman
getting at a piñata.
It's obvious that a precision
sport like bowling
is way beyond his capabilities!
But when you're a dense
klutz like Sakurai,
there's only so much you can do!
[laughs]
[SAKAKI]
I guess you're coming with then?
[SAKURAI]
Oh, it's on.
Here you go.
Great. One sec, okay?
Is it that bad?
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Let's spice things up!
Whoever comes in last has to do
whatever the winner says.
I was gonna sit this one out,
but don't hold off
on my account.
[SAKURAI grumbles]
You're all good to go.
You can head over to Lane 12.
[UZAKI]
All right, here we go!
Whoever wins or loses,
no hard feelings allowed.
I wonder what I'll
make you do first?
Yeah, yeah, keep on jabbering.
I'm surprised you're
not going off on her.
Getting riled up would only
play out in her favor
and seeing me flustered
is exactly what she wants.
I see. So, victory
hinges on whether Uzaki
can throw you off your game,
or if you can maintain
your focus.
Is this what you
two do together?
The way y'all have
fun sounds stressful.
For real. I think I'm
giving myself a hernia.
In any case, losing
my cool won't help me.
I just have to stay calm
and go with the flow--
You dirty little menace!
The battle's already begun.
Yay! I'm going first
'cause I'm the best.
Ugh, still two more!
That's embarrassing
after all that trash talk.
In terms of skill, we're about
the same level, though.
[UZAKI] You're up next,
slowpoke. C'mon, chop-chop!
[SAKURAI]
Whatever.
The way you're bluffing
right now is commendable,
but it won't take
anything for me
to break that
poker face in half.
[SAKAKI]
More psychological warfare.
[SAKURAI inhales, exhales]
[SAKURAI grunts]
Whoa, he bowled a strike!
[SAKURAI] You see, it's not
about the poker face.
I mean, I worked on it, but I
didn't see much improvement.
[gasps]
That strike? That was me
channeling every bit of my
rage for you in one throw!
[SAKAKI]
That is beyond lame.
So, it's your usual
caveman thing,
but with a bit more
"oomph" behind it.
That does require luck, but it's
probably better than
whatever she's doing.
You've gotta be kidding.
Watch what you say.
The more you piss him off,
the more powerful he'll get.
No way. Are you such a loner
that you even go bowling by
yourself? Oh, how pitiful!
[SAKAKI]
That's your response?
Shut your trap!
And don't even go there!
Nice going. Now you've riled
him up so much that he can
dish out an even
more powerful throw.
Huh?
You got this, big guy!
Sweet. Nothing like
a little pep talk.
But that was dirty!
It evens out. If he gets to take
the brute force approach,
then I get to troll him
until he starts choking.
The way you smile when you
say that is pretty disturbing.
[sneezes]
[inaudible]
Sakurai wins.
[panting] That was
one tough battle.
[UZAKI growls]
[SAKAKI] Maybe you should've
focused on your game
instead of on sabotage.
[whistles]
Save your breath.
This is her game.
You guys sure have some
interesting priorities.
Anyway, isn't one of you
supposed to start doing
whatever the winner says?
Hey, nobody asked you
to butt in!
Dude. Now's your chance!
For what?
You're seriously hopeless, man!
Say, how about we go
for another round?
Sure. I'm down!
You better bring it.
Otherwise I'll win, and you'll
have to do whatever I say.
Get real.
You really think I'd let myself
bow to a cheap idiot like you?
[SAKAKI]
Jeez. Why are you only ever
this aggressive with each other?
Getting one up on
this jerk is something
that makes life worth living.
And she's the last fool
I'd wanna lose to!
Yeah? Well tough luck!
[NARRATOR]
Sensing that he was in territory
no outsider could penetrate,
Sakaki stepped back.
Yet he couldn't help but think.
[SAKAKI]
Just go for it already!
[NARRATOR]
Such was the state of affairs.
[CAFÉ OWNER] I'm off,
gotta run to that meeting.
We've gone over
this a million times!
We're closing for the day
while you're out. I've got it.
Off you go now!
[ASAI] The truth is, I haven't
told our two employees
anything about this.
I've been waiting for
dad to leave the cafe
for quite some time.
Yes, ever since that night.
The night that a fire
was lit deep within.
Powerful feelings
have consumed me.
I can't hold back any longer!
[laughing]
[ASAI] I am putting Hana
to work as a bunny girl!
A classic all-black uniform.
Who can resist?
A visual upgrade like that will
pull in customers
and boost sales.
I've got something
for Sakurai, too.
Something to drive
the housewives wild!
Who am I kidding,
it's mostly for me!
Might as well get to enjoy
some quality aesthetics
while I'm on the job.
Dad would never allow it,
but if I can get those
two in on it, then maybe...
[SAKURAI] You fried a
mean egg this morning.
Gosh, you really can't
cook a thing, can you?
Oh. How's it hanging, Ami?
[SAKURAI]
Yo, where's the head honcho?
Oh, he just stepped out
for a moment.
Hey, I know this
is totally random,
but how do new uniforms
sound to you?
That's an awkward segue.
Are we changing them up?
Just tossing out ideas.
As a matter of fact,
I have some ready to go.
Try 'em on and tell me
what you think!
[UZAKI]
Hm? Like right this second?
You're awfully well prepared
for someone "tossing out ideas."
We can't do try-ons
when customers are here!
C'mon, c'mon,
less talking, more walking!
[SAKURAI]
Whoa! Quit pushing!
[UZAKI]
Wait, why the rush?
[ASAI screams]
So sexy! You look
bodacious, girl!
I appreciate the compliments
but maybe you can be
a little less direct.
And plus, this doesn't seem
very practical to work in.
I do have to bend sometimes.
[ASAI grunts]
Fair point there.
Well, how bout this one?
Here you go!
Perfection. Only one word
that comes to mind.
Don't take this the wrong way,
but you're creeping me out.
As long as I get to see this,
I'll gladly accept that!
But this dress would be even
harder to work in than
the last one. And it clashes
with the vibe here, so...
It's kinda specific, you know.
Is the boss cool with this?
[ASAI grunts]
[ASAI laughs nervously]
[UZAKI] Let's see what's
in these other bags.
Why the sudden rush?
Wait, I wanted to savor
them one by one!
You're getting them
out of order!
[UZAKI] What the heck is this?
Another stupid costume?
How do you expect me to work
wearing uniforms like these?
[ASAI]
But those ears suit you so!
I knew this had nothing
to do with work.
You're just making us play
dress up while your dad's gone!
Damn straight!
[UZAKI]
You're not even denying it!
Oh no, what about Sakurai?
[SAKURAI]
Uh, is this right?
The bag you gave me
had nothing in it
except a pair of
leather hotpants.
[UZAKI] Ugh, of course
there was nothing else!
What on earth were
you thinking, Ami?
In what world do café employees
wear this type of stuff?
Maybe they don't,
but I'm going to be
the person who makes them do it!
[SAKURAI]
Don't! No one wants to see that!
[ASAI] Like, why can't there be
one lousy café where you can
look at some manly nipples
while you work?
What the--
Why though?
When you were in high school,
you got to feast
your eyes every day.
It's not fair, I wanna
see some nip-nops, too!
I was in the swim club,
remember?
No one was feasting
on anything, so chill!
[ASAI]
Nuh-uh, I don't believe you.
You got to have pecs,
you got the fantasy!
For real?
She's inconsolable.
And she's supposed to be
the responsible one.
[TSUKI]
Pardon me?
[UZAKI]
Mom?
I do hope you
aren't closed today.
Oh, goodness!
You look cute, dear!
It's you!
Yes?
Dude, that's my mother!
Not to put you on the spot,
but do you want a job?
Sorry?
Wear one of those
and you're hired!
No, I could never!
She's not even bothering
to sugarcoat it anymore.
She's gone beyond shameless
and sunk to a new low.
But there's nothing
you can't wear.
I've had my eye on you,
so I can tell!
What is this conversation?
If you don't like frilly
clothes then you can
just wear something simple,
like a T-shirt!
Yes, a plain white tee
would be more than fine!
Over a swimsuit, of course!
Actually, forget the swimsuit,
the T-shirt would be enough,
the shirt would be perfectly
reasonable, right?
I could wrangle a stage
in the middle of the café
and have you and Hana
stand on it together!
--[CAFÉ OWNER] Uh-huh.
--[ASAI] And then!
--[CAFÉ OWNER] And then?
--[laughs]
I'll soak both of you!
You sure about that?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Mm-hm.
[ASAI whimpers,
laughs nervously]
Uh, Ami. Why are
you wearing that?
[ASAI] Well actually, it's cause
I've been thinking about
the future of this café.
Guess she's not big
on the outfits
when she's the one
wearing em, eh?
You know you're
gawking at her, right?
[SAKURAI]
Uh-- No, I'm not!
[TSUKI laughs]
[UZAKI] Aw c'mon, you can't
fall asleep on me yet.
We're not done playing.
One more round!
Don't tell me you wanna
go down as a loser!
[SAKURAI]
Listen, it's two in the morning.
All I'm asking for is
another round, okay?
Are you listening? Hey, Sakurai!
[SAKURAI snoring]
[UZAKI]
Hold up. Did you fall asleep?
I can't beat this guy
all by myself, y'know!
Quit being a coward
and wake up already!
That's enough! Do you
know what time it is now?
[UZAKI] Whoa, hang on, Mom!
I need to save my game.
Can you please
let go of that plug?
[TSUKI]
Yoink!
[UZAKI screaming]
[yawns]
Dude, you look exhausted.
Uzaki's been keeping
me up lately
and every time I tell her
to go to sleep already.
She always screams
for another round.
[SAKAKI] Even though it sounds
like something else,
I know they're just gaming.
Those nerds.
Wanna nap till second period?
I'll wake you up.
[SAKURAI grunts]
Yes, please.
[CLASSMATE A] So guess what
Ito's boyfriend did next!
[CLASSMATE B]
What, tell me!
Hey now, don't say it out loud.
[yawns]
Over here, Hana.
We saved a seat for you.
Aww. Thanks, you guys.
[SAKAKI]
Speak of the devil.
She still hasn't seen you.
You can keep snoozing.
Not gonna lie, sure wish
I had a boyfriend, too!
I don't know.
Relationships sure can be
a lot of work sometimes.
That look on your face does
tell me you enjoy it, though!
Nah, count me out,
boyfriends are such a hassle.
[GIRLS]
Huh?
But I could've sworn
that you have one.
--[UZAKI] Uh?
--[SAKAKI] Huh?
You know, that guy you
always walk home with.
[CLASSMATE B] Oh! The tall one
with the scary face.
[ITO] Yeah! I've seen you
two hit it off together,
and definitely more than once.
You see? I told you that's how
the both of you come across.
[SAKAKI laughs] Let's go!
With all this girl talk,
Uzaki might spill
her true feelings.
Nah, it isn't like
that between us.
I see hanging out
with him as a favor.
Uh, how so?
For starters,
he's such a downer!
He doesn't have
too many friends,
and he's always on his own,
but he was my upperclassman
in high school,
so I've gotta check in on him.
I can't just abandon
the poor thing!
[SAKAKI]
Is this her being sincere?
[UZAKI]
Basically, I have no choice.
[CLASSMATE B]
Really?
[UZAKI] Pretty much.
He can be a handful!
[SAKAKI] Crap, he's
definitely hearing this.
[SAKURAI] That brat! Running
her mouth off like that.
Dammit, this sucks.
I got tired again
coming back after lunch.
I couldn't catch a wink
with all that talking.
I'll just sleep off
my indignation.
[UZAKI panting]
Ha! I knew you'd be here!
I'm glad I caught you!
Huh?
Look at you, passing out
wherever you please.
A thickheaded oaf without
a care in the world.
I have been keeping him up
late these past few days.
Oh, well. We have our
next class together,
so I'll wait till he wakes up.
[UZAKI]
Hm?
Ha.
[UZAKI]
Not keeping that one.
[yawns]
[CLASSMATE A] So, this is
where she ran off to.
[CLASSMATE B]
Fourth period's about to start!
[SAKAKI]
You two dumdums.
You can deny it till
you're both in your graves.
[CLASSMATE A] Hana said
they weren't dating,
but that's a lie.
[CLASSMATES]
Yep.
[SAKAKI]
Heh. You aren't fooling anyone.
Now, which one would be
funnier to wake up first?